docs(tutorial): awsim oss instruction (#213)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/tutorials/ad-hoc-simulation/digital-twin-simulation/awsim-tutorial.md

# AWSIM simulator

> AWSIM is a default simulator for Autoware development and testing. To get started, please follow the official [instruction](https://tier4.github.io/AWSIM/GettingStarted/QuickStartDemo/) provided by TierIV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWSIM is a default simulator for Autoware development and testing. To get started, please follow the official [instruction](https://tier4.github.io/AWSIM/GettingStarted/QuickStartDemo/) provided by TIER IV.
```
